Conditionalize external project urls for different builds - pt7 (#1202)
rancher/rancher-product-docs: versions/v2.15/modules/en/pages/about-rancher/what-is-rancher.adoc

:description: Rancher adds significant value on top of Kubernetes: managing hundreds of clusters from one interface, centralizing RBAC, enabling monitoring and alerting. Read more.
:sidebar_label: What is Rancher?
:slug: /
ifeval::["{build-type}" == "srfa"]
:xref-rancher-on-amazon-eks: xref:installation-and-upgrade/hosted-kubernetes/rancher-on-amazon-eks.adoc

> endif::[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[NOTE]
====

> {rancher-product-name} is a distinct, fully managed Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) offering. This differs from deploying and managing the Rancher server manually on Amazon EKS. If you intend to install and manage your own Rancher deployment on an EKS cluster, refer to {xref-rancher-on-amazon-eks}[Installing Rancher on Amazon EKS].

Reviewer: This change is not needed. The SRFA component [does not have access](https://github.com/rancher/rancher-product-docs/blob/main/playbook-srfa-local.yml#L10) to the Rancher Manager component (but it would in production when built through product-docs-playbook, but this xref syntax would still not be correct in that context).

Also, if it were needed creating a new attribute for a single-use attribute is an unnecessary layer of abstraction. Someone that reads this code will now need to break their flow to find the attribute definition in order to know what the xref points to.

```suggestion
{rancher-product-name} is a distinct, fully managed Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) offering. This differs from deploying and managing the Rancher server manually on Amazon EKS. If you intend to install and manage your own Rancher deployment on an EKS cluster, refer to https://documentation.suse.com/cloudnative/rancher-manager/latest/en/installation-and-upgrade/hosted-kubernetes/rancher-on-amazon-eks.html[Installing Rancher on Amazon EKS].
```
